>> Todd Gardner: So
let's talk about those users.
Let's talk about who your users are.
Who are they, and what do they use,
and what's interesting?
We're gonna look at some general
statistics about the web.
So this is all according to StatCounter,
which has lots of really cool data,
but we look at device share in.
In the world, as of August 2024,
62% use mobile 62%,
most of the web is mobile.
This is why Google cares about mobile.
It's why mobile first indexing.
It's why so many stores like
Build Mobile First Things.
Now, it's not saying
everybody uses mobile.
Some people use desktop, some
industries are overwhelmingly desktop.
My sites are like 98% desktop users,
cuz I typically target developers when
they're at work on their workstations.
And so
desktop is really important to me, but
globally, mobile is twice
the size of desktop.
Let's break down screen sizes,
cuz there's a huge diversity here.
There's 8% at the absolute like biggest,
right,
1920, so we have big screens,
10 ADP or better, 8.3%.
But then we go the next largest size
is all the way on the other end of
the spectrum at only 360 pixels wide.
7% only 360 pixels wide that's
not I that's like a teeny tiny
Android device like an iPhone
doesn't even come in that size.
390 by 844,
I think that's the small iPhone, and
then a 1366 by 768 that's like a small
laptop, but it's all over the board.
And so the screen size, none of those is
what I'm rocking here with my MacBook.
Like mine's bigger than any of those,
right?
I bet all yours is probably
bigger than any of those, too.
And so what you see on your developer
laptop or your developer workstation,
it's probably nothing like
what your real users do.
Operating system share,
let's look at this, check this out.
71% are on Android, 71%.
iOS at 27 then on the desktop side,
we have overwhelmingly Windows at 71%,
some OSX.
>> Todd Gardner: So if we break that down,
so mobile is 60% and 60 some percent,
and within mobile,
Android is 71% of that mobile.
What's the average cost of an Android
phone worldwide, it's $286.
So that means even of those Android
phones, they're not buying Google Pixels.
They're not buying the crazy
high-end Android phones.
They're buying, the cheap Android phones.
The cheap Android phones with
the lowest amount of memory and
the lowest processing power in them.
So the average user on the internet
is nowhere close to what we typically
think of and what we typically
have in our pockets as developers.
Network speed,
this is based on speedtest.net.
This is average worldwide mobile and
fixed broadband speed,
mobile is 60 down, 11 up,
27 milliseconds of latency.
So if you're trying to base maybe your
chrome speed tests on, these would be
good numbers to base your throttles based
on how you should slow things down.
But of course,the future is
not evenly distributed yet
because those numbers are wildly different
depending on where in the world you go.
Some places, connection speeds
is 250 megabits or better.
Other places crawl along at less than 10.
Now, this is all like global data, which
is interesting to think about if you build
a site that serves a worldwide audience,
but you should understand your users.
So using an analytics tool or real user
monitoring tool, you should understand
who your users are, like what operating
system, browsers, what country,
what screen sizes are your visitors coming
from, so you can be sure to test that.
These are all reports
out of request metrics,
which does a little bit
of analyticsy stuff, too.
So that is all about
understanding our users and
setting goals for our website.